So let's continue working with this page and we're going to load.
We will fund.
You can see in design What do you see in these phone calls.
Laro on the bottom I have another Google fund if I scroll a little bit right here what are you seeing
another fun this one is called Laura.
So one of the advantages of using Google fonts is that you can use any phone for free in your website.
On the left you can see we have left ladder right here.
So and then I click on the plus sign and you can see we have one family select.
So we're going to make a search right here.
I'm working for Laura then and when I click on the plus sign.
Also by the way one of the really cool things about the Google phones is that for example if I have
a text like this one this boy yourself with these high quality products you can add something here or
you sell with these like why did the brokes.
And you can see a nice preview how this text is going to loop with these fun.
Or you can copy here and paste and you can test several phones you can see that we have a candidate
for the one available.
And they are in new phones every time.
So this is one of the one of my favorite features of Google phones.
These live preview.
So I have decided to use these two phones and I'm going to click on customize in the case of the phone
call that Laura we're going to load this record in this blog and that so for the latter we're going
to use these regular board but I'm going to use these black then I'm going to click on embed and I'm
going to keep is you read only there part or only that you are relatives inside the quotes so Couple
these and then we're going out in or 8 or going up in Cairo and that's better than going up in the functions
right here I'm going to have on and I'm going to study sheets or scripts.
This is the function that we're going to use to load different CIRCE's libraries so maybe you find that
a really nice library that you want to use you can use this function.
So we're not going to spot underscore scripts and then we're going to hook these into a p and q scripts.
So this is a way that you communicate your functions with wordpress if you really have some experience
working great a pristine development.
This function is going to be very familiar for you.
And this is the same function that you use in Normile or a standard WordPress elements the same.
So that's one of the advantages of using all comers.
So then I'm going to have this fun show right here.
So these and these should be the same.
And then I'm going to use a function called Dolby on Q style.
And from here I'm going to have Google funds then we are combating the second parameter which is going
to be their path for that Fornes that we added.
So we got something like this.
You can save and now you can see it on the bottom we'll have it specify in SEUS is so are going up in
the study that's Jasus right here.
I'm going to scroll a little bit and rage maybe on the top.
It's going to be more about what we're going to have when you do these three and we're going to use
these lotto fund that's going to be these when and this is going to be a new section so we can use something
like
each to Banner and then we're going to have fun finding.
Of course at the moment this doesn't exist but this one inch to an inch three.
They do exist right now.
So now we can save these up in the browser.
And reload and you can see that we have something de-friend right here.
So next in this case for example this Kerins reducing the ball size of bald weights or going out for
weight.
So in Canada of and also we're going to change this to uppercase text form uppercase So we're going
to apply to all the Karin's is one inch two and it's three.
These are style and what we're going to make this bigger.
And so we're going to reload.
And you can see this is working.
And if it's a good sign we have these separator right here.
In this case I'm going out reichlich and these the code.
And you can see this is an edge to so we can add something like an h to a right here.
After this decisive element and then we're going to content always when you're working with these elements
you have to use this content and then we're going to display block and we're going to the mat again
zero out.
What we're going to have at its height.
The two big SUVs and I width of six the big soles of cars you can change these two aims if you want.
And then we're going to have a background color background color.
If you take a look here in the design is this pink color if you take a look here on this diagonal of
a color guide we're going to copy these color and page right here.
So save these and reload and then you can see that we've had these separators.
So for example right here you can see that this is our supplier in the categories in the products and
everything.
So you can see for example this one is using the two commerce loop broke title and right here we're
using the section titled right here where you see that small section that we're going to target the
specific glass.
So instead of having to afterworld now to dot and then section title after so now you can reload and
then you can see that we remove the line from these products and apply it right here.
So right here instead of Madigan's zero out or not some Aspasia can see is really close to having more
separation and going out Margene is going to be dead pixels.
All zero and now reload again and you can see he's looking better.
So now we have something better we have got as we call font and this is looking nice.
So in the next video we're going to continue developing this campaign.
So let's continue with this section.
It's on the top.
This feature the man we're going to be in the future right here and we're going to remove the section
in the next video.